Order some baby supplies, because the child will be here in a few months.
Boss, you can't seriously forgive that woman just because of the child.
You are my secretary.
So stay out of my personal life and you know what?
Watch your attitude with Samantha.
She means a lot more to me than you know.
Deeply sorry, I was out of line.
Samantha, you calculating bitch.
Trying to tie Richard down with a child?
Well, you know what?
In that case, I'll make sure the child disappears for good.
Get me a really strong aphrodisiac.
All right, so we'll have somebody call you.
Sound good?
To our promising business partnership.
Yes.
Oh, let's get you right in.
Anna, can you please get me a concert?
Right away, boss.
Can I get water?
Yes, of course.
Here you are.
Can you take this glass of water to Mr. Richard?
I sent him to room 604, please.
I'm 604, this is it.
Why is the door open?
Richard?
Where are you?
Are you okay?
I need to have sex with you.
I need help with you.
No.
Something is right.
I need to have sex with you.
Stop.
This could be bad for the baby.
I don't really fucking care about the baby to be honest.
Stop.
Get off of me.
No, Richard.
You're wasted.
Did you fuck?
Fuck.
Fuck me.
It was so weak already.
I mean, how could she handle such rough sex?
I don't know.
I think maybe I was drunk.
There is no excuse, Mr. Richard.
Anyway, the baby is gone now.
I'm sorry.
No, you probably don't want to talk to me.
Or see me.
Yes, of course.
Come on in.
Gentlemen, come on in.
Take a seat.
We'll get out of here.
We've confirmed that Samantha
is not the murderer of your mother.
Is this Ada?
Yes.
The killer is your secretary.
How could she?
Helen fell down the stairs because Ada purposely showed her the affair photos to agitate her.
Ada was afraid that Helen would regain her memory and you'd find out the truth.
So she chose to kill her.
Thank you.
Hey asshole.
No.
You ruined Samantha's life.
Let me ask you a question.
Did you know about everything?
And if you did, why didn't you tell me?
Isn't it obvious?
It's because she loves you.
Okay.
When your mother went into a coma,
Samantha was the only one that matched the drug trial criteria.
She told you the truth.
Did you still made her go through the trial?
She didn't want to make you pick between her and your mother.
Everything that I've done for Richard.
I did because I wanted to.
Hey.
You got to make a mess.
What you did wrong there.
Samantha.
Listen, I'm really, I'm really worried about you.
Can you please open the door?
Listen, I know everything now.
Okay.
And I'm sorry for suspecting you and not believing you.
All right.
I was blind.
Samantha.
Mary me, please.
And I will spend the rest of my days making sure that you know that I care.
Okay.
We'll have a family.
We'll have a life.
We'll make our relationship better again.
Please open the door.
Please.
It's so long for you to propose to me.
I want to marry you.
I don't even marry you.
Well, you're going to be my wife.
And I'm going to cherish you.
Every day.
From now on.
My miscarriage has accelerated the progression of your lung cancer.
How much time do I have left?
Three months.
At most.
Children, we're going to have so much children.
You have no right to talk.
There's no future with us.
Well, you're not fucking going anywhere.
You know what I'm capable of.
But I don't want to lose you.
I don't love you anymore, Richard.
And you don't deserve my heart.
What are you doing?
You're packing a bag.
I'm leaving you.
Where are you going?
You're not fucking leaving.
No, you're not.
You're going to leave me?
Where are you going to go?
My life has nothing to do with you now.
You don't get to control me.
Is it Ethan?
Ethan, come get me.
I'm at me.
I'm thinking.
Fucking.
All Ethan in front of me.
It's fucking rude.
You don't love me at all.
I don't love you.
You're just a selfish, possessive jerk.
Let me ask you something.
You want to be in this so bad, right?
Huh?
I'll give you one.
Take off your clothes.
Stop.
You're doing exactly what you did before.
You already killed our baby.
I know that it's all my fault.
I fucking hate myself for it.
But I will do anything to not lose you.
Do you hear me?
For you.
Unless you are dead.
I will never leave you.
I need to take a minute.
Just go.
I want privacy.
Call me if you need something.
That's how it is.
I'll skip you through death.
Isn't it?
You hurt you again?
Yeah, I'll confront him.
I'll try to hurt him, please.
Why would you do that?
Tell me.
Okay, yeah.
I'll help you.
No one can help me.
My illness progressed.
So, I only have three months.
How could it progress so fast?
Is Richard now?
No, I don't want him to know.
I don't want to haunt him even in death.
So that's, uh...
You still weren't fucking quit it now, will you?
Let me talk with Richard.
Go home.
I'll call you if I need anything.
I don't want to be here anymore.
You need to recover.
Okay, it's a lot better if you stay here and recuperate first, all right?
No, I'm sick of this place.
Keep remembering the terrible drug trials.
I need you to promise me that you're not going to do anything foolish when we go home.
Okay?
I promise.
Happy birth the fucking you're doing.
Ethan?
Do you understand that I'm...
I'm setting up a surprise for you and you're near fucking cheating on me?
Are you serious?
Samantha?
I told you I don't love you.
I don't love you anymore, Richard.
But you insisted on keeping me here.
I have no choice.
If we must, let's coexist as three peacefully.
That's three.
You know, I don't believe this for one second.
Until you guys have sex in front of me.
Samantha, okay.
I can't help you here.
He clearly isn't fooled.
Where are you taking me?
You're gonna like it.
Ready.
This is where you brought me?
Please don't tell me you're gonna try to propose it when me over.
Miss, can you please show me the dress that I had reserved?
Of course.
Oh my God.
I designed this dress five years ago.
It'd be amazing to wear this on my wedding day.
Samantha, I'll make you the world's most beautiful bride.
This was my design.
When did you?
Yes, you sketch this out in your room five years ago.
And I took a picture.
So back then, you already?
Yes, I had decided to marry you five years ago.
Now, I did have the designer tweak the size just a little bit, but I think it will fit.
Please, try it out just for me.
It's ready.
Now look.
Does it look bad on me?
No.
Sorry.
I lost my friends out there for a second.
You look beautiful.
And I love you so much.
Marry me.
Please.
How much time do I have left?
Three months.
It's most.
Marry me.
Samantha.
Richard, don't you understand it's too late for us?
No.
It's not too late, and it will never be too late for us.
Come here.
Just stop.
Sir, the photo came out of there well.
Thank you.
Thank you so much for you.
Have a wonderful day.
I did those two get to be happy while I brought away prison.
I will not let them get away with this.
Miss Samantha, may I have the honor of courting you?
I refuse.
Well, then I'm just going to have to-
Give up?
No.
Keep trying for you, actually.
You're deliberately teasing me.
Samantha.
Samantha?
Okay.
What are you doing here?
I broke out.
I don't belong in a hell hole like that.
Imagine like this suits me.
And you?
I do.
I am much more beautiful, better built.
What does she have that I don't have, huh?
You are beautiful.
And smart and capable.
And any man would love to be with you.
They would.
This is true.
Then why aren't we together?
I didn't know that you liked me.
And if I had known, then we could have been together.
And had a family.
Okay.
No.
She's not been shot.
She had three months left to live.
Yeah, I know that it was my fault.
The truck trials ruined her health.
We'd stitched long cancer.
She never wanted you to know, but I need to tell you.
She took away the one I love.
I know that it was all my fault.
I know that.
I always love you, Samantha.